::Anger and Anxiety Maps::
- Drawn on Paper

::Break the walls down::
- Drawn on Paper

::Boundary - Triangle - Chaos:: Abundance by building momentum thru education and experience
- Drawn on Paper

::Observing ego and Success Habits::
- We cant change our life situation for the better just like that but we can change our habits that can lead to better life situation
- The first step is awarenss that I need help in something, the second step is acceptance that I need help at something

::Can I do somethin about it right now? No? Leave it::
- Rediscover this habit

::The feeling of efficient life - OILQC::
- Always be on
Life is hard, we tend to live by others standards, we sin(anything that leads to atropy of body and mind), we try to reach unattainable and superficial goals, we fall while in really high confidence, never to reach that level of confidence again. Life gives us all kindas of good as well as bad emotions, the key is to not identify with emotions and let them pass good or bad, infact classifying as good and bad is simply idnetification, emotions are just energy, a signal that we need todo something, these signals with good momentum leads to esential instinct. We Decide to let those emotions pass and always be on, being on is about smiling, being high energy, being well groomed (First 3 chars of Alpha Male). The outward appearance matters no matter how the inner game is at the moment, a desision to make the body feel good leads to thinking good, the mind follows the body. Its all about appearance. Appearance is also about having a good athletic body. A good way in modern times is to have a job that requires being athletic and in shape, A job where the reframe of "my day is a serious athletic endevours" is actually true 
Along with apperacne, Confident Body Language and Comfortable Eye contact, Might have to fake it till I make its some tips to remember
1. Alaxender walk
2. Neck and shoulders in alighnment
3. Walk with a stride
4. Look at the white in the eyes while making eye contact
5. VT is something else altogether, being stifled cannot be fixed without talking prior or voice exercies, another part of it is frame, I need to feel like what I'm saying and doing is of value to the room only then I would sound confident. Break thru heiger value thinking and let the voice flow.
Being friendly - when eye contact is made, the next obvious thing todo is smile or acknowledge in some way, don't be a player for the first 10 mins, a player can be sniffed out, secondly a player mindset will make you get inside your head looking for the angles and lines, essentially having an agenda and an agenda can be sniffed out, have no agenda for the first 10 mins and just build social comfort, the first 10 mins is shit time and does not matter in any interaction, taking it seriously is dumb. Strong eye contact can be considered indimidating to most, seek to just gaze strongly and then smiling after, indicated you are safe is calibration.
While a workplace or a nagtaive family environment can be streesful, always remember the keywords to a good time, everyone likes a good time, the undertone should always be Playful, Humor, Anticipation and Excietment in living day to day life. It's always on. The best way to combat anger is humor.
High energy and being "on" has to be calibrated with a hint of "cool guys never run", there will be moments of realy excietment or overwhelm leading to clumpsyness, fast paced talk, rapid movements, Using observing ego and the frame of cool guys never run helps calm the fuck down in these cases
For an introvert comfortable with walls around him being always on requires a constant descion to remember what I want out of life, what are my goals, the goals or the big vision lead to putting a process in place to be there, the goals motivate and keep me "on"

- Always be Indifferent
It's easy to say I don't care but everyone knows you do. Indifference is the opposite of love and hate. The only way to achieve indifferece is actually reaching that point where I realise the more I decide to go for what I want, the more opportunities I get(Law of averages) to get what I want. Its a simple rule of starting and in time with good momentum , experience and instinct built up each time I decide to go for what I want it gets easier with wisdom and genius. Indifference is machavillian in nature, the balance is to have those few people I care about and would never screw over to attain something, people who have earned it, balance is also being mature, maturity is caring for something or someone else like a company or children. 

I combine Being on with indifference and I reach a state of going for what I want regardless of anything, being clear about what I want takes constant descision as there are too many distractions, not having a goal leads to clear distraction all the time. In doing anything I do first full plan or not and I calibrate after the fact. With pickup the only cure for AA is to reach a point of indifference where I dont care if people think I'm cool or a loser for approaching a girl. I'm there to get girls and ofcourse people are going to see me approach and know what I'm upto there is no reframe to avoid this, just keeping approaching till I reach that indifference threashold. Mastering The 3 second rule is what we should Aim for to be truly indifferent in pickup.

- Always be Leading
With work, with women no matter what the role, always be leading. Junior or Senior, Lover, Friend, Family member or whoever, always be leading. If you meet a fellow leader always make sure to take his/her input along with the rest of the gang or team. Leaders dont make descisions or just blindly lead. They make descisions for the group. Part of always leading is also always knowing, knowing does not mean I know it all in a narsacistic way or being expected to know it all, thats delusional and not possible. Always knowing is a minset where I'm willing to find out in the moment, most people in top positions appreciate people who can learn by themselves an help others learn by providing valuable information or mentorship(from experience or new education) or process(how things should be done) or flow(real world understanding), this is key to mentorship and knoledge sharing, in time with experience leadership in the office becomes about learning what others need to succeed along with you and give it to them. The mindset is always solution based no matter what.

- Always be Qulaifying
There are too many things todo out there, always qualify everything, have preferences and choices, say no. With women always qualify her, look for qualities in her that I actually like. even for a one night stand she has to pass some tests

- Always be Closing
We get lazy, we get complacent, we start and never finish. While this drive of alays wanting to close is important, just knowing the outcome and enjoying the process is key to anything in life. The emotions, the set backs the obstacles and the uncertainity is something to get only comfortable with. Anticipate it when always be cloaing

::Doing work::
- Clock Time + Commit to 10 mins - We naturally resist what we should do, setting out time in the future and when I reach that time commiting to 10 mins will gets hit done, no other way, prepare mentally, refule and get shit done
- Overdeliver - You get out of it what you give in, working on own project or for someone else can be broring, tiring and emotionally draining But its important to build a success habit where work can be done in 8 hours effectively.
- Projects and Producer mindset - Weather at work or doing my won thing, projects mindset should be kept in mind to feel like I own it, sure in a work the reward is not after the project but with monthly salary, always be aware of the point of reaching the mindset of I'm just getting by and work becomes routine. Projects mindset keeps the mind sharp, also what else is there to be done in 8 hours of time.

::Reading::
There is a lot to read, its good to be selective, reading to living ratio should be 1 : 24 ie. for every 24 hours we should read 1 hour a day, if required sometimes 2, this includes learning via video or audio, because firstly we cant grasp all at once, secondly its better to try one thing you learn in a book by reading 1 chapter rather than reading the whole book and not knowing which part to start with and then forgetiing the whole thing months later.

:::Notes about calibrations:::
- No matter how good a guy you are, Girls will detrust you coz of rape culture if you're not within her social circle, hence superficial comfort, hence superficial comfort
- When a girl I tried to game isnt replaying and you meet her, challenge her about not replyign and being all busy with stupid stuff, always make the first move
- Women like eye contact never forget that, its not awkward, it never awkward, its connecting, feel it
- Observe people, they are more worried about what you think of them, never give power away

::Notes about Humor::
Humor can be about the situations, a general topic or about her directly
Humor is not haha jokes, its about being playful
The humor bar is set pretty low

::Humor about her::
- Teasing her smoothly, Accues her of being a player or seducing you
- Absurdity and Exageration
- Mock Indignation
- Missinterpretations
- Fucking with her

:::Life hacks:::
Contrast Showers
NoFap

:::Inteprating Mystery Method:::
The best book out there, often missunderstood because of the surface of being linear, peacocking, negs etc. You can do natural game or go for a book with watered down mystery method, but that watered down approach should be your own not someone elses. This book is key once you start approaching stangers, anyone who says this book si shit has never really done an approach. This book coveres it all, and all the geeky theory you need, for the rest. "The game is played in the field"

- Basic Structure
Build Superfcial comfort -> Transition point
Keep the conversation going -> Hook point(She wants me to stay)
Qualify and Tease her -> In point(She wants to bounce, move or TB)
Become her pseudo - boyfriend building physical and social comfort -> On Point
Kiss Her, make it romantic and spontaneous
Invite and lead her to a sex location

- Other eye openers
Sinns building social comfort first and breaking rapport later to establish the conversaton as not regular
Rob Judges 4EG balance for calibration
Rob Judge's I want to date beautiful girls and Sinns I dont give a fuck about who thinks I'm cool, I want girls
Rob Judge's your the guy whos doing all this reading and learing, you deserve all the girls you desire

:::Constant Refs:::
MindOs - Leading to research on fight or flight, habits, anger and anxiety, reaching goals, boundary doors, NLP, symbols, stories, boyhood to manhood, KWML etc
48 Laws of Power - Getting things done for self

-Applying/Understanding MindOs better
Omega Male Audio
thebrain.mcgill.ca
Gorilla Mindset 
Power of Now
Mindlines

::Suggested books on money:: - Both Half read
Think and Grow Rich
Rich Dad, Poor Dad

::Game::
MM
TRM I and II
SW
DB
